<!-- default file list -->

# How to: Use the Integrated Mode of the Security System in Non-XAF Applications

This example describes a scenario when you have an existing XAF application with an existing database, business objects and security permission settings. Also you have a Non-XAF application, where you want to get access to data from your XAF database protected by the [Security System](https://docs.devexpress.com/eXpressAppFramework/113366/concepts/security-system/security-system-overview).


The NonXAFSecurityExamples solution contains projects for different platforms. At the moment we have a simple console application, which gets access to the data generated by the XAF project and writes it to the text file. The data prohibited by security permissions is displayed as 'Protected Content'.


You can find a complete tutorial for console applications in the /Console/CS/ directory.


See also the [How to: Use the Integrated Mode of the Security System in Non-XAF Applications](https://docs.devexpress.com/eXpressAppFramework/113558/task-based-help/security/how-to-use-the-integrated-mode-of-the-security-system-in-non-xaf-applications) topic in our documentation.

We have plans to add examples for the following platforms:
* ASP.NET
  * Blazor server-side
  * ASP.NET MVC5
  * ASP.NET MVC.Core
  * ASP.NET MVC.RazorPages
* Xamarin.Forms
  * Android
  * IOS
  * UWP
  * [DevExpress Xamarin.Forms UI Controls](https://www.devexpress.com/xamarin/)
* Windows Forms
* WPF

We would appreciate it if you share your opinion about:
1. Which platform are you interested in the most?
2. What do you expect to see in the example for a specific platform?
3. Which business scenario do you want to achieve?

This information will help us prioritize our development and make our examples closer to real-life scenarios.

Thanks!
